feat: allow forcing the version via gradle property (#484)
DanySK/git-sensitive-semantic-versioning-gradle-plugin: README.md

Inside the configuration block is also available the `computeVersion()` is also available to recompute (but do not set)
the version.

### Manually force the version

The plugin allows to manually set the version via a gradle property that, if present, will be used as the version of the project.
By default, the property name is `forceVersion`, but you can change the property name by setting the `forceVersionPropertyName` property of the plugin with a custom name.

> `./gradlew -PforceVersion=1.2.3 build` will result in the project version being set to `1.2.3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`./gradlew -PforceVersion=1.2.3 <task list>` will result in the project version being set to `1.2.3`.
```

If a custom property name is used, the plugin will look for the property with the given name:

```kotlin
gitSemVer {
    forceVersionPropertyName.set("myCustomPropertyVersion")
}
```

> `./gradlew -PmyCustomPropertyVersion=1.2.3 build` will result in the project version being set to `1.2.3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`./gradlew -PmyCustomPropertyVersion=1.2.3 <task list>` will result in the project version being set to `1.2.3`.
```
